Update Name Servers How-to articles (#1943)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/add-ns-records-for-subdomain.md

---
title: Adding NS Records for a Subdomain
excerpt: Delegate a subdomain to another DNS provider by adding NS records in your DNSimple zone.

> meta: Add NS records in DNSimple to delegate a subdomain to custom authoritative name servers, then verify with dig using the steps in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta:Add NS records in DNSimple to delegate a subdomain to custom authoritative name servers, then verify the delegation with dig.
```

## Confirm the domain uses DNSimple for DNS {#confirm-the-domain-uses-dnsimple-for-dns}

Before you add NS records, the parent domain must be delegated to DNSimple. If the domain is registered with DNSimple, follow [Delegating a Domain registered with DNSimple to DNSimple](/articles/delegating-dnsimple-registered/). If the domain is registered elsewhere but uses DNSimple for DNS, follow [Delegating a Domain registered with another Registrar to DNSimple](/articles/delegating-dnsimple-hosted/). If you are unsure which path applies, start from [Pointing a Domain to DNSimple](/articles/pointing-domain-to-dnsimple/).

## Add NS records in DNSimple {#add-ns-records-in-dnsimple}

![Add NS records for Subdomain](/files/dnsimple-add-ns-record.png)

<div class="section-steps" markdown="1">
##### Create NS records for the subdomain

> 1. If you have more than one account, select the relevant one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to DNSimple with your user credentials.
1. If you have more than one account, select the relevant one.
```

1. On the header, click the <label>Domain Names</label> tab, locate the domain, and click its name to open the domain page.
1. Click the <label>DNS</label> tab on the left.
1. In the DNS records section, click <label>Add/Manage</label>.
1. Click <label>Add Record</label>.
1. Select **NS** as the record type.
1. In **Name**, enter the subdomain label (for example `blog` for `blog.example.com`). Use `@` only when the record belongs at the zone apex; most subdomain delegations use a single label here.
1. In **Content**, enter the authoritative name server hostname (for example `ns1.otherdns.com.`). Use a trailing dot (`.`) at the end of the hostname unless DNSimple already adds it for you.
1. Click <label>Add Record</label> to save the NS record.

> 1. Repeat steps 5 through 9 for each additional name server hostname your provider gave you (typically two or more NS records for the same subdomain name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Repeat steps 6 through 10 for each additional name server hostname your provider gave you (typically two or more NS records for the same subdomain name).
```
